botocore: add bedrock genai user events and lazy initialize tracer (#3258)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Added

> - `opentelemetry-instrumentation-bocotore` Add support for GenAI user events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `opentelemetry-instrumentation-botocore` Add support for GenAI user events and lazy initialize tracer
```
